https://codepen.io/barbora-dejlova/pen/YzyYdaz

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
it gives meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to create basic websites 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
provides additional information about an HTML element. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
tag for header. The biggest letters. We should use it once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
href, class.    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
head tag, then title.
    7. What is an id? 
 id for an HTML element 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element; in CSS, the id attribute is used using # symbol followed by id
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
once 
    10. What is a class? 
The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href="#" target="_blank" rel=" noopener noreferrer">Link</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
img src
    15. How do I reference an id?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
div divides section into smaller pieces
    17. What is CSS used for? 
font design, background, margins, etc
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
 The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.   
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointe
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
br tag
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
line-height atrbute
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text transform capitalize, lowercase, uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div style="border: dotted 1px black"
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
My computer responds with/Users/emily.reese. This means that I'm: In the emily.reesefolder, which is in the User sfolder on my computer
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
cl
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
it removes permanently. Command rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
to go back in time to fix anything
    35. How often should I commit to github?
every 20 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
FORK, clone, git check out, git push, pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?